Add convert to openvino using ovc notebook (#1495)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/121-convert-to-openvino/README.md

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F121-convert-to-openvino%2F121-convert-to-openvino.ipynb)
[![Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/blob/main/notebooks/121-convert-to-openvino/121-convert-to-openvino.ipynb)

> This notebook shows how to convert model from original framework format to the OpenVINO IR. It describes Python conversion API and OVC command-line tool. It provides examples of Hugging Face and Pytorch models conversion to OpenVINO IR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook shows how to convert a model from its original framework format to the OpenVINO IR. It describes the Python conversion API and the OpenVINO Model Converter command-line tool. It provides examples of converting Hugging Face and PyTorch models to OpenVINO IR.
```

## Notebook Contents

The OpenVINO IR conversion tutorial consists of the following content:

* OpenVINO IR format
* Fetching example models
* Conversion
    * Setting Input Shapes
    * Compressing a Model to FP16

>     * Convert Models from memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Converting Models from Memory
```
